

Q1.What is/are the problem/s you want to solve? Please provide background based on research. 

  The proposed system provides summarised data of a particular text.The objective is to generate a short and complete summary which does not change the meaning and ideology of the text inputted thus enabling the user to read just the summarised passage rather than reading the complete text. 

Q2.Who are the users you are targeting? Please use a Persona to describe your users and draw a picture of your target user. 

  This app will be beneficial for students, business analysts, project leaders and academicians as well.

Q3.What are the major features of the solution? List the features.
  
  It provides you 3 modes to summarise your paragraphs- 66.66%, 50% and 33.33% providing you 1/3, 1/2 and 2/3 summarised content of inputted para.

Q4.How is this solution unique? How does it relate to existing solutions on the market? What are 5 solutions similar or related to what you want to do in the Google Play Store. Do the research and know that you are probably not reinventing the wheel!
  
  The proposed algorithm will analyse an input paragraph and generate a paraphrased summary for the same variable sized paragraphs.
  The summarising technique will involve the PAT (Paraphrase Analysing Technique) Algorithm involving String Matching Technique and Sorting technique to analyse potential words and sort them on the basis of maximum frequency among words constituting the respective paragraph
  
  There are existing 2 apps in GooglePlay Store which are having the same objective, but our app functions on a selfmade algorithm(PAT) which analyzes the paragraphs differently and provides much accurate result as a summary.
  1.Summly
  Available on Google Play Store.
  Generates summary on basis of Text inputted.
  Input technique: Copy-Paste , Type
  Output technique: Text displayed(cannot be copied).
  Flaws:
  Limited word count accepted.
  Output (summarised Text) cannot be copied.
  Not accurate.
  
  2.Summarize
  Available on Google Play Store.
  Generates summary on basis of Text inputted.
  Input technique:Provides Feeds
  Output technique:Text on the basis of time interval.
  Flaws:
  Cannot copy paste desired paragraph.
  Output (summarised Text) cannot be copied.
  Not the best summary.
  App crashes sometimes.
  Needs Internet(NO OFFLINE SERVICE).
  
Q5.What technologies, APIs etc will you be using to develop this solution? Provide links and explanations.
    -Mainly will be using  API's related to Text reading and speaking at the end of summary
    -Android studio will be used to develop app
    -Inbuild functions and program based on PAT Algorithm(Based on frequency of words in paragraph particularly nouns and verbs) will be made for the app.
    
